hi this is Chanel with five dollar
sparkling deals paparazi over here in
the four corners New Mexico um got
making a little boy here Witten he's not
doing very happy or very good right now
he's not very happy but we're gonna make
this work you're gonna help me show the
pretty pretties
you know where the pretty pretties right
there okay so anyway what I'm going to
do yeah I'll tell you what to grab in a
second okay okay so what we're gonna do
is um I originally bought the $700
starter kit I never did any kind of film
on it or anything didn't even think
about it then but I have a girl that's
underneath me that signed up with a $300
starter kit and she wasn't able to be at
home to get her starter kit so I picked
it up for her and I'm gonna go and
through an inventory it so um so she
doesn't have to pretty much um so what
I'm gonna do is show you yes hold on one
second okay it show you everything that
comes in an all jewelry 100 piece $300
starter kit it comes with hundred 100
pieces of jewelry and a bunch of
marketing materials that she's gonna
really need to use to start her business
so we go yes look ready we're gonna look
at this so what we've got we've got
pretty pretty necklaces right yeah so
we've got about
c14 kits of necklaces so each kit has
five necklace sets in them um 99% of the
necklaces from paparazi come with
earrings as well so you get a necklace
earring set for five dollars there is
that one person that don't come with the
earrings but they're still really
gorgeous and they sell really well so
you get all of these necklaces okay and
then you come with two packs of earrings
five in each pack you get two packs of
bracelets five in each pack so what you
see is like she has a bangle a bunch of
stretchy charms
in those and then two packs of rings
multiple colors in in the starter kits
and then what else you get is a hopper
Ozzy sign or bags right what color are
they Bubba they're pink
huh blue pink okay and then you get
display hooks you get 25 display hooks
these are just your basic pegboard hooks
a lot of people use pegboard such as
mine right there and the very front of
my house because I have so many girls
that stop by and they like I want to
shop so I just keep it out half the time
it's pointless to put it away um so I've
got that and then what she's gonna be
getting is she's getting all of these
marketing materials or extras so she
gets invitations then these black those
are the compensation brochures hold on
baby I'm almost done okay and then she
gives receipts okay I'll get you
strawberry milk in just a second can I
finish this let me finish it okay she
gets a book about how to build your Papa
Razzi business she gives applications oh
sorry to sign up new consultants and
then a jewelry repair kit comes with
these little needlenose pliers and a
bunch of little gadgets just in case
things break or whatever you guys are
needy can you give me a moment all right
so that's pretty much what she gets all
jewelry $300 starter kit hope I made it
easy for you part of the interruptions
from my monkeys and um I hope you like
Papa Razzi paparazi is awesome and it's
a great opportunity so if this is new to
you and you're not sure whether you
should do $40 or but to start up or do
the $3.00 starter kit tell you what you
get more for your money whenever you do
a starter kit it might seem like a lot
but you are gonna make all your
investment back in the first one to two
parties and then some um like my first
month without people underneath me just
based off of sales commissions because
you make forty five percent commissions
on every sale I made about a thousand
dollars in just in my first
so it's possible it's fun and I don't
even have to work very hard maybe an
hour a day and my I have boys and my
boys love it too so anyway this is what
I've got if I can get a $700 starter kit
I will show you that in the near future
otherwise we are signing out can you say
bye Bubba hi bye